# U1.W2: Intermediate HTML and CSS Reflection

* What do you think about web standards? Are they good or bad?
	Let's separate web standards in theory and practice. In theory, I'm all for them: I think that they are necessary; they establish a set of best practices and a common vocabulary of syntax and structure that facilitates all the connections that comprise the web. In practice, the ones we have seem to be burdened by history and inertia, which leads to different computers/browsers having conflicting standards. Web standards can only be as good as they are standard, you know? This leads me to, quite literally, the first time I've found myself wishing that computers had a shorter practical lifetime, or maybe just that all the computers using IE could be culled form the herd. It would be monstrous, of course, dumping a lot of costs and technical demands on a population that is skewed towards a lack of technical expertise and/or funds, but it would make web dev and design more convenient.
* Does the standard structure make sense to you? Why or why not?
	It makes sense to have a hierarchical structure baked into the web, being as it is built on HTML's tree-like foundation. I bet I'll come up with some idiosyncratic beeves with the system as I build more types of web things, but right now it seems sensible enough.
* Do you like the new HTML5 elements, such as `<header>`, `footer`, and `nav`? Why or why not?
	I do! This actually came up in my GPS 1.1. My partner was a bit ahead of me in the reading and suggested replacing a "div" with "header". It made the HTML more intuitive, and having different tags meant we didn't have to go through the rigamarole of typing out an id attribute. Cleaner, quicker, more intuitive. We also could have run with "section", but that wouldn't have actually simplified the structure—just added a few characters of typing in exchange for more intuitive readability.
* Why is reset.css necessary?
	It trims out the fat and variability in the page's presentation. Each browser has idiosyncratic defaults for the presentation of different HTML elements; explicitly setting a new baseline means that users with varying browsers get a much more consistent experience of your styling, and one which requires a lot less browser-specific double-checking after each change.
* What browsers have you used? Did you ever notice that sites looked different in different browsers? Do you think it's good or bad that they do?
	I've used Safari, Chrome, and Firefox in the last year or two. I noticed a few times that a given website might work properly (or not) in one versus another, but generally found them relatively interchangable. For that set of browsers, being as they are all general-purpose browsers meant for the general audience, I think it's totally stupid they have varying defaults. I really do think that a universal set of cross-browser standards should be the norm, with variations coming only in specialized browsers. It makes sense how we got here, given the evolutionary nature of the browser game and inertia and whatnot, but it's not ideal by any means.
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.
	This guy [here](http://alistapart.com/article/cssatten) helped me figure some stuff out about adjusting fonts.