# U1.W2: Design, User Experience, and creating your website Reflection

My Website url: <!-- Website URL here (remove comment) -->

Discuss the following:
* What did you learn about design and user experience? 
	I haven;t had time to delve deeply into UX, which is a shame: everything I've read so far seems fascinating but a little self-evident to me. If you take human-centrism as a central design tenet, which I do, then the concepts in the introductory stuff mostly follows. There are details that are new, and a vocabulary (e.g. breadcrumbs) to learn, so maybe I'm selling it short, even as an introduction. Still, I'd love to delve into some knotty UX problems, rather than just foundational concepts—where the easy stuff breaks down is where the really creative design thinking happens, and THAT is what I think I'd learn most from. Design-wise, things like wireframing and color palettes are just adult versions of the art basics I teach to kids in my day job, so it's, if not exactly in my wheelhouse, then a transposition of my wheelhouse.
* Do you like design and user experience? Was it fun working on your site, the plan, and/or the wireframe? (If you hated it, that's OK too)
	The wireframe was kind of fun, getting down with pencil and paper. My site is still just a handful of links, which dictated a wicked simple design. The plan, until the site gets more involved, is just to present the content that's there in a straightforward, attractive way. I think I got it there, but my more ambitions plans were thwarted, so it was sort of a mixed bag: I had fun building and tweaking the stuff that worked, but I had an hour or two of beating my head against the wall with naught to show for it. YET. I have some hypotheses I haven't tried yet, but I have to sensibly allot my waking hours and mental energy.
* What was your process? What worked and didn't work?
	I decided on a really simple design with my name in a header, the URL in a tiny footer, and a three-column layout below, with a camouflaged sidebar left and a single, central visual flourish right (aside: I'd like to get more into designing with grids. I didn't have time to learn and practice everything I wanted to, but there are clearly a few tricks to laying out with grids that I could benefit from knowing). I really wanted to have each link's :hover state to trigger the appearance of a different Font Awesome icon in that central visual, but I couldn't get that to work in time. The icons rendered as generic rectangles, and the hover trick never came together. I still want to make that work, though it might be better done later with JS, rather than the CSS trickery I was trying.
* What would you like to add or change about the site next?
	I'd live to make it visually interactive and get the dang icons to appear as icons. I also want to make the design more responsive, with an attractive, properly-scaled phone-specific design at the very least. I also am not done futzing around with fonts. I like 'Lobster' for the scripty footer, though maybe it's not the most original, but Josefin Sans is not the right choice for the rest. But time is short, and my hours will be better spent on code than characters.
* Was it difficult to apply the material you learned? Did you find anything in your research you thought was super cool?
	With the aforementioned exceptions, it was straightforward to apply and troubleshoot most of what I learned. In terms of structure and styling, I was comfortable, and I'm getting incrementally more fluent at wrangling elements in terms of position. I'm hardly a finished product as a web designer, though. Frustratingly, my favorite single thing I learned about might be those vector-based font icons—the ones I failed to incorporate. I also wnat to spend more time really getting a handle on proportional, grid-based responsive design. I have a mental picture of what my design process should look like and I'm not there yet. That process will definitely involve a lot of 12-column mockups, because all those integer factors make for an exciting array of design options.
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.
	Showed up in the final product:
		* http://www.w3schools.com/tags/ref_colorpicker.asp
		* http://cssglobe.com/3-easy-and-fast-css-techniques-for-faux-image/
		* http://www.google.com/fonts#
	Did not:
		* http://codepen.io/ChrisUpjohn/pen/HBgiI