## 8. [Comparing Favorite Websites](8_technical_blog/readme.md) Reflection

Blog url: http://ambirdsall.github.io/unit1_projects/week1_technical_blog.html

Reflect on the process of researching and writing a blog post. It doesn't have to be long. Did you enjoy this? Did you get comments or views? Did you find the blog helpful to your learning? Did you find it cumbersome? Which parts did you feel best about and which did you feel less certain about?

I like this particular project more from a distance than from in the trenches, actually making it. Looking at good web pages and thinking about what make them good was a really fun mental exercise, but that was a relatively small chunk of the total time spent. Writing those thoughts down was harder, because it brought out a perfectionist part of me. I used to run a sports blog, but it fell to the wayside because I never managed to effectively compartmentalize that part of me—getting a post up to my inner standards was a lot of work and stress. I did better at just up and writing a thing than I did those days, being as I am under a deadline (for future reference, I did some traveling with my girlfriend for her 30th birthday over the days this was scheduled to be done, so now I'm hustling to catch back up), but I still found myself debating how to phrase things as accurately as possible, how much wordplay was enough to be stylistically true to how I write without being obtrusive or self-indulgent, whether I had time to retool this or that aspect of my page, etc.

One thing I have mixed feelings about is ignoring comments altogether. It's about as standard a feature as there is in blogs, but I didn't want to put them in unless I understood the code enough to adjust them to fit my preferences, and I don't think I have time to do that and still get back in sync with everyone else. It also is something that goes well beyond the code we've yet worked with, so I'd likely be copy-pasting someone else's code, and that doesn't feel true to the DIY nature of the work.

I can feel myself getting better at div wrangling, though, and that's the one thing that I feel I need fundamental improvement in—colors, opacity, borders, and all the various styling elements are more like window dressing, and the process for improvement is just looking up the various options, trying them out, and figuring out the parameters that look best. I didn't realize that the width specification was for the content part of the box model, rather than the entire space taken up by the whole box, with padding and margins and all; once I figured that out, I started compensating for padding things out, and lo and behold, different divs could be kept from crowding each other off the line. 