# U1.W2: Responsive Design Reflection

* What is responsive web design? Do you like it?  Do you think it's a good practice? Why or why not?
	Responsive web design is a practice of making web sites whose presentation varies in response to the user. So, for instance, styling can change in response to type of viewing device, size of screen, color display, etc. It seems, as someone who's been splitting his web traffic between an iphone and a computer for a few years now, totally natural. It's not new to me, even though the terminology and background is all new—it's obvious that some sites render with elegant redisign when viewed on my phone and some force me to side-scroll through a monitor-scaled beast. The variety of devices accessing the web has exploded in the last few years, and nothing has changed to suggest we've reached any equilibrium. It makes sense, then, that offering various stylings for a variety of screens concretely helps people and further, that building your designs on well-thought-out, flexible media queries can halp insulate against your site looking awful on whatever hip new device will inevitably come out after you have finished your design.

* How do you think smartphones and tablets have changed web design? How do you think new technology will change web design in the future?
	This is largely answered above, but also: I think the ways people interact with their devices in the age of the smartphone has diversified a lot (see: touchscreens, Siri, lighting-responsive display settings, GPS, etc), and I don't think we're through adjusting to that reality. Off the top of my head, it seems theoretically possible for a website to change presentation depending on where in the world you are, what time of day it is, audio cues, etc.

* How do you think visually impaired people use the web? Can they? Should we design and development for them?
	Of course they do, and of course we should. Web access is determined by access to technology, not to vision. Color-blindness or bad vision don't preclude loading a website. Offering sufficient contrast, a color palette not affected by the most common forms of color-blindness, or multiple cues about important elements on a page helps make the page useful to these folks. Obviously, the importance of accessibility depends somewhat on the project: a gallery of images isn't much use to someone who needs a screen reader, so maintaining functionality in those cases is less important. Mainly, though, if you take the ethical position that people are fundamentally equal seriously, ignoring special needs that are possible to address is callous and wrong.

* What ideas and concepts have resonated with you when learning about the web and design? What seems stupid or doesn't make sense?
	Even though my initial forays into responsive design were a bit of a hassle (it took a second to get a handle on the syntax), it makes just a lot of sense to me. It seems closer to the underlying design in a platonic way, if that makes sense. The fact that modern browsers haven't converged more than they have seems dumb, though. Is it just the lack of coordination? That, since every option is arbitrary and roughly as good as the rest, there's nothing to suggest which of the competitors to ape in the name of consistency? I don't know.

* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.
	[This](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/CSS/Media_queries) and, though it was liked and described as "seminal" and "required reading" on an ACTUALLY required reading, making it hard to claim I found it on my own, [this](http://alistapart.com/article/responsive-web-design) was really nice.