# U1.W2: Thinking About Time Reflection

* What is your biggest time management challenge with during Phase 0? 
	I have a few concrete plans for the coming weeks, most notably a wedding I have to attend and a roadtrip to San Francisco with my girlfriend and most of my worldly belongings. Doing them and doing them right (I don't want to leave Oregon without going to Crater Lake; I don't want to come to California without seeing the coastal redwoods; the wedding thing is all planned, but I don't want to beg out of everything but the actual ceremony because I still have WORK to do, you guys) matters to me, but this means I have to be pretty rigorous in terms of getting ahead of my prep work before them. I'm plenty motivated and I've been working really hard so far, but yoking that that motivation and work to a medium-term plan has historically been a weakness of mine.

* How will you combat that?
	It seems to me that if I'm going to be serious about getting my prep done in a rigorous way those weeks, I need to be building the same habits every week. I need to be consistent about carving out a productive space and planning the order of my tasks, because when I'm tired and stressed and my mental energy is at an ebb, I'll default to what feels natural, what's ordinary. I think I've got a good start on that: I've been focused on establishing work-dedicated environments for myself, on working every day, and on removing panic from my process. (As an aside, [this comic](http://waitbutwhy.com/2013/10/why-procrastinators-procrastinate.html) and its sequel establish a vocabulary that's kind of cheesy, but pretty on-point. Screw that monkey.)

* What techniques will you try?
	The Pomodoro method is the one that has really caught my interest. I'm writing this reflection on just such a timer, in fact. It provides a simple, repeatable process that provides a bit of outside structure to what I'm doing and provides a clear and simple redirect for those distracting impulses. I've also totally bought into meditation practices, at least conceptually, but I don't think I'll incorporate any sort of scheduled meditation into my prep work, except maybe in between pomodoros. I think I'll split my undivided focuses (hey-o!) between sensory and mindfulness practices, and try to incorporate playing music into this.

	The Fogg method is a bit too abstract for me, or maybe my process is too abstract for it: it provides an internal structure which right now feels a bit artificial to me. I can't see myself sticking with it in any consistent way.

* What is your overall plan for Phase 0?
	At heart, my overall plan for Phase 0 is to stay excited about learning and to build a coherent skillset. I know that sounds super vague, but it's also an indirect callback to that Design Thinking [article](en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Design_thinking) we were supposed to read in week 1. By focusing on a goal, rather than a fixed plan, I'm giving myself permission to adjust my process to suit the different obstacles that come up. I've made webpages; I've made computers do things. But I haven't made webpages that do things, and that is a fascinating synthesis. Plus, this overall plan not only points me towards completing all the shit we're supposed to do, but also towards filling in gaps and going down interesting rabbit holes on the side, and that broadening of scope is keeping me motivated to use all the process-based mental health resources Dev Bootcamp keeps throwing our way.